
Are you passionate about coffee? Enjoy working in a busy environment? Do you deliver high quality customer service? Then 4 Seasons Brasserie is the place for you.

4 Seasons Brasserie is a small, local, family-run restaurant, located in idyllic Eastbourne Harbour. We provide a warm and cosy environment for our customers and endeavour to always provide high quality experience. We are currently looking to add to our lovely and lively team and would love to hear from you.

Baristas:

We are looking for experienced, passionate and energetic baristas to join the team and hit the ground running however training will be provided. You will be
responsible for the creation and delivery of our already high quality products. Our coffee machines are always on the go, giving you plenty of opportunity to practice your latte art skills. Customer service and cash handling are also part of the role. 

All Rounder:

We are also looking for friendly, experienced, and hard-working waiters/waitresses to join the expanding team. You will be responsible for the customers experience here at 4 Seasons Brasserie, from greeting the customer on arrival to waving them off when they leave and everything in between. You will be our first port of call for the customer, so it is vital that our high quality food and beverage information is being presented to our standard with dietary information being correctly relayed. Experience is highly regarded however training will be provided in all areas. Customer Service and cash handling are also part of the role.

Successful candidates will have atleast 2 years experience having worked in similar roles, have strong communication skills, be able to work well within a team, outstanding customer service and be available to work Sundays.  

If you are interested in becoming part of our team and developing your coffee skills further, please send your CV to manager@4seasonsbrasserie.co.uk, stating the postion of interest and your availability. 

We look forward to hearing from you!

Job Type: Full-time/Part-time/Flexible 

Age: Minimum 18 years old

Experience: 

Customer Service = 2 years 
Hospitality = 2 years

Salary:

£9+ per hour, negotiable on experience. 

Location:

Eastbourne Harbour